hey guys I'm doing a video request for a
little miss sunshine 4 for 8 and the
style gurus they both requested for me
to do a tutorial on how I apply my
liquid eyeliner okay now I'm not a freak
an expert or anything but this is just
the way I do it and pretty much you know
the basics of liquid liner you know it
just depends on the kind of brush you
get in the quality of it if you get a
really good brush that's kind of semi
stiff but not a stiff then you're gonna
have an easier time applying it so get
make sure you get really good quality
eyeliner okay so what I do um either on
top of eyes shadow or just on a bear I
like this one I have no makeup on I just
did on all I did today was just apply
liquid eyeliner and eye liner in the
bottom and mascara now usually the step
I do is eyeliner and then mascara so
what I do is okay this is the one I'm
using the one by Mary Kay what I do take
it out and then I just lightly you know
cap off I mean like smear the excess off
in the corners just so I don't have a
lot and this is the brush I'm using it's
really tiny and everything so that's the
one what you want to do see that's how I
did this eyeliner is that kinda like a
cat eye what are you gonna do oh my god
can't make sure you don't place it in
the corner okay okay
so what I'm gonna do is you could either
stretch your eye out which I don't
really recommend you do but um I like to
just kind of like have a slanted like
this and see if I can work this camera
so I can show you like that okay
you want to do it carefully
so you could come a come out straight
all right and you could just read it to
get more
but you want to do it as close to the
lash line as possible
I'm gonna close this up right here
the only time I stretch it out it's when
I already did a line cuz I don't want to
stretch it out and then you know
wouldn't I you know let it go the
eyeliners kind of like not even straight
or to the curb of my eye so and then if
there's any spots that I didn't put
eyeliner on I'm just gonna tilt it like
this and just go okay and for the cat
eye it's pretty much the eyeliner part
for the cat eye you see how it's just I
aligned and then for the cat eye you
want to do it to whatever angle like
either like this or like this I prefer
like this my eyes not all the way out
I'll show you how I do that okay and for
this you want to read dip it have your
hand you know support it somewhere
and if you mess up that's okay you can
just take it off well it's still what
okay and I'm gonna do a different angle
because I really wanted to come out and
I really want to show you how it looks
okay
I guess and create a tringle I've filmed
the trangle in okay then just kind of
even it out like this see you Ben down
okay and if it's too long or whatever
you could just
picks it up with the tip of the q-tip or
whatever
there you go I'm about to the closest
video out because I keep playing with it
but pretty much that's how I create my
cat eyes and everything so hopefully
this video was helpful for you I know I
took a little bit then longer just
because I didn't have my mirror like
close to my face like I usually have it
so um it's very easy way to do your
liquid liner and just pretty much the
fundamentals just make sure your hand is
stable somewhere and just you know line
it stretch it off you want it after you
lined it and just fill in like the
triangle create a triangle in the corner
and just fill it in so you have like a
cat eyes okay so thanks for watching and
I'll see you guys soon for more
tutorials bye
you